Add bucket-related operations (#26)
skyplane-project/skystore: README.md

```bash
cd s3-proxy
just run-cli-create-bucket
just run-cli-list-buckets 
just run-cli-put
just run-cli-get
just run-cli-list
just run-cli-multipart
```

Test the server
```
cd store-server
just test
```

> Before E2E test, if make changes to the server, then run 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before E2E test, if make changes to the server's API, then run the following to re-generate the rust client code. 
```
